hey you could definitely say it was a
good ball in front and he shot the gold
champagne set it up
I believe she did but it looks like
Morrissey putting out her own fire
they're chasing down that rebound and
getting a piece of the second shot here
comes the corner low that time or she
takes that way it goes in away and a
high ball in the box of shot save loose
all gorgeous saved by the rut Google's
with one kick and there's a beautiful
safe from Marcy point-blank another shot
the gold strides it cleaned it up Oh
getting the ball and take it a shot and
scoring mercy nut giving up a shot and a
goal for us great save little pinball
action another shot no good rolling just
why I saw we came out we put amazing
like I expect nothing less from our team
to be honest because we just like and
during the first half it was over it was
00 but we knew like we just had to score
quick in the second half and then we'd
be offset because once you put that
first goal in we know we can come back
with more so and Michelle a great goal
from you to start things off tonight for
your team how would you describe that
plate can you take us through what
happened um usually well brick got the
ball and it kind of hit off her face in
it went to the corner and she's always
chasing it down and she got to it first
and then she told me she couldn't really
see very well so she usually takes it in
and tries to cross it tight but she
decided to just play it in and I was
they're in the middle and I just touched
it great and real quick a prediction for
the final are you guys going all the way
this year I think so I we're pretty
confident we don't want to get too ahead
of ourselves but we think we can fight
for it and hopefully bring home a win